Nesting SQL

(Fully Nested) HR needs a list of customers who are in the same state as Smile Bright.  List the customer’s name  and state captioned “Same State as Smile Bright”.
select cname, cstate 'Same State as Smile Bright'
	from customers 
		where cstate =
		(select cstate	
			from customers
			where cname = 'Smile Bright');

(Join) HR needs a list of customers who are in the same state as Smile Bright.  List the customer’s name  and state captioned “Same State as Smile Bright”.
select c.cname Customers, c.cstate 'Same as Smile Bright'
	from customers c , customers s
		where c.cstate = s.cstate	
			and s.cname = 'Smile Bright'
			and c.cname <> 'Smile Bright';

(Fully Nested) HR needs a list of employees who have a monthly salary larger than the average salary for the company.  List the employee’s name and monthly salary captioned “Higher Than the Average Monthly Salary”.

select sname, mthSalary 'Higher Than the Average Monthyly Salary'
	from staff	
		where mthSalary >
		(select avg(mthsalary)
			from staff);

(Fully Nested) Who works in the same department as Miller?  Include their name and department number.  Don’t include Miller’s info. 
select sname, deptno 'Miller''s Department'
	from staff	
		where sname <> 'miller'
			and deptno = 
			(select deptno	
				from staff
				where sname= 'Miller');

(Fully Nested) On which orders did product number 100860 appear. We need to know when those orders were shipped; there’s a problem with them. Show the most recent order and it’s ship date first
select ordid, shipdate 'Shipdates for 100860'
	from orders
		where ordid in
		(select ordid
			from items
				where prodid = 100860)
order by shipdate desc;

(Join) Find the salesperson's name (Salespeson) who represents Everything Hockey
select sname 'Salesperson for Everything Hockey'
	from staff s, salesstaff ss, customers c
		where staffid = salesid
		and salesid = repid
		and cname = 'Everything Hockey';
(Fully Nested) Find the salesperson's name (Salespeson) who represents Everything Hockey
select sname 'Salesperson for Everything Hockey'
	from staff
		where staffid in
			(select salesId
				from salesstaff
					where salesid in
						(select repID
							from customers
								where cname = 'Everything Hockey'));


(Join) Find the salesperson’s name (Salesperson) and their commission (% Commission) that the salesperson earned representing Everything Hockey

select sname Salesperson, comm '% Commission for Everything Hockey'
	from staff s, salesstaff ss, customers c
		where staffid = salesid	
			and salesid = repid
				and sname = 'Everything Hockey';
 
(Full Nested)Find the salesperson’s name (Salesperson) and their commission (% Commission) that the salesperson earned representing Everything Hockey
select sname Salesperson, comm '% Commission for Everything Hockey'
	from staff s, salesstaff ss
		where staffid= salesid
			and salesid in
			(select repId	
				from customers
				where Cname = 'Everything Hockey');